Added header control topics (#209)
agentgateway/website: assets/agw-docs/pages/traffic-management/header-control/response-header.md

You can remove HTTP headers from a response before the response is sent back to the client. 

> 1. Send a request to the httpbin app and find the `content-type` header. 

Reviewer: the add response headers topic is missing the hl_lines in the CLI output at the end

   content-type: application/json; encoding=utf-8
   < content-length: 3
   content-length: 3
   ```
   
2. Set up a header modifier that removes the `content-type` header from the response. Choose between the HTTPRoute for a Gateway API-native way, or {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/trafficpolicy.md" >}} for more [flexible attachment options](../../../about/policies/trafficpolicy/) such as a gateway-level policy. 

>    {{< tabs items="HTTPRoute,TrafficPolicy" tabTotal="2" >}}

Reviewer: just realized that this is showing kube gw API and our policy. but our policy does not add any value. I would remove it from here and only show the kube gw api native way as for all the other request/ response examples

   
   |Setting|Description|
   |--|--|

>    |`spec.parentRefs`| The name and namespace of the gateway that serves this HTTPRoute. In this example, you use the `http` gateway that was created as part of the get started guide. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |`spec.parentRefs`| The name and namespace of the gateway that serves this HTTPRoute. In this example, you use the `agentgateway-proxy` gateway that was created as part of the get started guide. |
```
